(/components/clerk-provider) clarify how ClerkProvider can be used (#1759)
clerkinc/clerk-docs: docs/integrations/databases/convex.mdx

  ### Configure the Clerk and Convex providers

>   Both Clerk and Convex have Provider components that are required to wrap your React app to provide session and user context to Clerk's hooks and components. It's recommended to wrap your entire app at the entry point with `<ClerkProvider>` to make authentication globally accessible. See the [ClerkProvider docs](/docs/components/clerk-provider) for other configuration options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Both Clerk and Convex have provider components that are required to wrap your React app to provide authentication and client context. 
  
  Clerk's provider component is `<ClerkProvider>`, which should wrap your entire app at the entry point to make authentication globally accessible. See the [reference docs](/docs/components/clerk-provider) for other configuration options.
  
  Convex offers a provider that is specifically for integrating with Clerk called [`<ConvexProviderWithClerk>`](https://docs.convex.dev/api/modules/react#convexprovider) .
```

"Both Clerk and Convex have Provider components that are required to wrap your React app to provide session and user context to Clerk's hooks and components." is not accurate. Convex's provider component does not provide session and user context to Clerk's hooks and components - Clerk's provider does. Convex's provider provides Convex auth information.

We can also add some reference links to Convex's docs.

>   You might have already configured `<ConvexProvider>`. Ensure that `<ClerkProvider>` wraps `ConvexProviderWithClerk` and that `useAuth` is passed to `ConvexProviderWithClerk`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The following example demonstrates how to configure Clerk and Convex's providers. Clerk's `useAuth()` hook must be passed to `<ConvexProviderWithClerk>` and Clerk's `<ClerkProvider>` must be wrapped around it.
```
